man dog can't believe you're gone fast
lane that's life what happened so wrong
I still try to make a min apologizing
before I filing me down to sleep before
I got louder Lord my soul to keep before
we can eat till this short week play
loose under my eyes face look like cache
creek it seems like yesterday chasing
just last week Pete my love for your dog
will never die got family that don't
deserve to live so I'm still asking why
gotta do being a man there ain't no try
any time while young and the good guy to
die it's so hard to be a young player
walking along on the boulevard the turf
pains leave me so star this game I like
got scandalous players don't let me say
this bar you it's hard doing but if they
try they won't make it too far too yeah
I can never forget
get what
this is a Shinto no
astral I miss you bro
I know but we gotta goes out to little
my teammate rest in peace holding my
older brother will always remember me
mama tried to tell me not all cops are
cooking with my brother might have had a
better life but the cops took it and
thinking now what happened got me
sitting hasten waiting hanging all cops
in law enforcement that cross me daily
I'm not the biggest fan of violent
retaliation but in the situation might
be the only relation and knocked me out
of sedation and relieve me of my
aggravation for all I wanted him to see
what I see eliminate them all then you
race them out my memory make him pay a
price for messing with my family make
him feel guilty make him cringe when
they think of me that's what I would do
if I had the power to make a real lies
make him see it through my eyes I never
cried when I reach the sky now I pray
for the family that he left behind I
felt better quicker than i can count to
send me cuz i realized
watching me my heaven yeah
Lorant a daisy thomas little time and
brittany bring our boy prison i know
y'all still wit me wit deserted I I
can't explain a madness all I know what
we got that man it was tragic my car
when till they hate ask our window then
I won't speak them because it was so
close accidental bringing was in the
crash and wake christian died and it was
all bad all of y'all will others in the
homie got a town but I live my life time
I'm a goddamn never my breath better my
sis's everybody that you know I know
they gonna get Smith you mean sure cuz
I'm a mish on to hold you down like i
said before man to went down in the city
stop about
astral oh I miss you
well we gotta
for all my people across the nation in
my father died I lost my brother when I
was five and a reason why you gotta fire
smoking gun shot my father died when I
was 16 no Christian I believe there's a
hell and a Heaven's every day in the
week and all other people die from
weapon but somehow someway gotta make it
so that I can pray anarkali and I can
see another day so recipes to harmon
lewis and recipes and Malcolm X and
recipes Jesus Christ because he
sacrifices like so keep the words you a
stink like a total bar line killing
silly that ain't gonna work and clanking
turfs it's cool but y'all ain't helping
you need to send up like a minute get a
fighter than for Nelson likes capture
winner hold you need to get out stand up
the tub favorite part in the close your
mouth be about think of the letter
releases saving Jesus it seemed like
everybody falling to pieces this is my
last final letter it's headed him
Hannibal read the strong survive you got
the right way in the better stormy
weathers but if you live there will be
sunshine now I got a tank I for the
power and get me another Russell then
you die cuz I'll hurt you always chained
in my first name is John yeah
say you lately lost in the struggle
oh well we gotta
we gotta
last row